MozFest Test Schedule
=====================

This is a tweaked version of [the code that runs the SRCCON schedule](https://github.com/OpenNews/srccon-schedule), filled with session data from last year's MozFest. I randomized some of the data to make sure each schedule block had a representative number of sessions, so start times might look a little weird here and there.

This is just a test to see whether the SRCCON code would be a useful starting point for this year's MozFest schedule.

A few thoughts on this test:

* It feels reasonably snappy to use, even with 330+ sessions. There is a bit of lag when switching between panes, and the search function in the "All" tab isn't *quite* as fast as it would be with fewer sessions. There are probably some optimizations to be found that weren't needed previously.
* A bigger concern: SRCCON has 40-50 sessions over two days, and the UI was designed with that in mind. Whether usability is still good at 6-7x the number of sessions is worth a hard look.
* SRCCON did not have a need to filter sessions by "space" or "pathway," but MozFest likely will. I have some thoughts on how that might be fit into the UI, but again, this is worth a hard look.

Design notes:

* built primarily for mobile use, assuming that people will need this on location at the event
* tapping on a session opens its full description (using a template that allows for additional data if necessary)
* provides a full-text, searchable session list in addition to day-by-day schedule tabs
* session favoriting (using browser localstorage) populates a per-device custom schedule tab
* can use appcache, such as it is, to provide offline support for those special conference wifi moments
    * repo includes local versions of OpenSans font files, to get around cache manifest fetching bugs in some browsers
    * does its best to handle "back" navigation in offline mode, where there is no `window.history`
* highlights schedule tab for current date if possible
* colors denote normal-length and long sessions, and long sessions are "ghosted" into the following schedule block to show that they're still going on

Technical notes:

* stores data in a single json file, generated by a Python script that pulls data from a Google Docs spreadsheet
* designed to publish via GitHub Pages (triggering the Python script to update schedule data also creates an automated commit, which rebuilds the schedule site)
* uses jQuery and Underscore for DOM and data manipulation
* uses [marked](https://github.com/chjj/marked) for pretty text formatting

This app was originally built on the fly in the week before SRCCON 2014, so some components are fairly bespoke. A couple things I've been intending to address:

* tab dates are defined in `schedule.js` itself, rather than calculated by looking for unique values from the list of sessions
* color categories are tied to SRCCON's 1- and 2.5-hour session formats
